[tune] Implement BOHB (#5382)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/tune-searchalg.rst

    :show-inheritance:
    :noindex:

> BOHB (Bayesian optimization and Hyperband)

Reviewer: Can you just change this to be BOHB?

> ---------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: should align with the above string

> The ``BOHB`` is a SearchAlgorithm that is backed by `HpBandSter <https://github.com/automl/HpBandSter>`__ to perform sequential model-based hyperparameter optimization in conjunction with Hyperband. Note that this class does not extend ``ray.tune.suggest.BasicVariantGenerator``, so you will not be able to use Tune's default variant generation/search space declaration when using BOHB. Also note that BOHB is intended to be paried with the Hyperband scheduler `hp_bohb.py <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/python/ray/tune/schedulers/hp_bohb.py>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``BOHB`` (Bayesian Optimization HyperBand) is a SearchAlgorithm that is backed by `HpBandSter <https://github.com/automl/HpBandSter>`__ to perform sequential model-based hyperparameter optimization in conjunction with HyperBand. Note that this class does not extend ``ray.tune.suggest.BasicVariantGenerator``, so you will not be able to use Tune's default variant generation/search space declaration when using BOHB. Also note that BOHB is intended to be paired with a specific Hyperband scheduler `ray.tune.schedulers.HyperBandForBOHB` <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/python/ray/tune/schedulers/hp_bohb.py>`__.
```

In order to use this search algorithm, you will need to install HpBandSter and ConfigSpace via the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip install hpbandster
    $ pip install ConfigSpace

This algorithm requires using the `ConfigSpace search space specification <https://automl.github.io/HpBandSter/build/html/quickstart.html#searchspace>`__. You can use TuneBOHB like follows:

.. code-block:: python

>     tune.run(... , search_alg=TuneBOHB(config_space, ... ))

Reviewer: you also need HyperBand right?
